this video is brought to you by our
trusted graphics partner Nvidia this is
gonna be a bit of a batch unboxing so
we're gonna go as quickly as we can here
we've got the Marauder keyboard the
Banshee headset as well as the spectre
mouse from Razer however these are the
new part of the swarm Edition peripheral
so let's start with the Marauder which
has according to Razer
elevated keys with optimized travel
distance okay so this is they're going
for RTS optimization here it also has
on-the-fly macro recording which I
personally think is great not having to
open up the utility in order to set up
any macros that I want to use as well as
last but not least there a PM lighting
system all three of these peripherals
have the APM lighting system which
changes the changes the lighting scheme
depending on what kind of actions per
minute you're actually putting through
it now the only things razors really
change with these peripherals is the box
art so you can see the box art is purple
but our keyboard actually shipped by
default with a blue color scheme just
like the original wings of Liberty
Marauders so not much has changed there
the good news Starcraft players is that
you can change the color scheme to
whatever you want without any difficulty
so let's move on to the Spector Mouse
I'm just gonna prop this up on the
keyboard here so my so my close-up
camera can check it out if they want so
the Spector Mouse has broad buttons it's
pretty much impossible to miss them it's
got the same APM optimized lighting
scheme that can change things around
depending on your actions per minute
which i think is cool lighting is down
the side of the mouse as well as the
starcraft2 logo on the top the scroll
wheel has 24 individual clicks which is
something razors started calling out on
their mice recently apparently more
clicks is is a good thing although I can
think I mean if you bound it to
something you wanted to execute actions
quickly that would be a good thing to
use it for and you've got your left and
your left buttons that are your back and
forward it's an ambidextrous design but
there are only buttons on the one side
so as a lefty you're not going to be
able to bind back and forward to your
thumb you'd have to try to use the
buttons with your pinky which is not
really that optimal so it's ambidextrous
shape with more of a right-handed design
now the bottom of the mouse is where you
find one of the coolest things so this
thousand Hertz ultra pulling Mouse 5600
DPI sensor etc
etc but check this out you can actually
adjust the click force required for the
top two buttons here the left and the
right click so there's three settings
low medium and high and I think all
three of us in the room found the high
setting to be a little bit on the high
side but oh okay slick is saying no he
did not so it was just me and diesel who
found the high setting a little bit high
but this goes to show you how it might
be useful to be able to adjust how much
force is required for your clicks cuz I
found mice that I like except that I'm
like oh this one's basically got a hair
trigger on it and I am NOT able to use
it versus ones that I'm like oh this is
like way too heavy and I can't really
use it so there you have it moving on to
the Banshee headset this is a USB
headset so it does not have an analogue
option part of the reason for that is
because it has the lighting scheme built
on to it it needs to be powered in order
to function correctly so there we go I'm
gonna go ahead and plug this in and hope
that it's gone and lit it so ah yes
there we go that looks nice Starcraft 2
logos on both sides as well as lighting
on the bottom of the unit and on the
sides and so front and back bottom and
sides looks very good it's a circumaural
fairly open design so I can hear quite
clearly even once I have them on and it
sits over top of my ear so I'm gonna try
and give our close-up camera a good look
at how large those pads are fairly soft
fairly plush but they do rebound quite
quickly so I'd expect them to need a bit
of a break-in period before they start
to get really comfortable however this
is good news for comfort the headband is
extremely wide so I'll pull out my
trademark iPhone comparison it's almost
the width of an iPhone and sits on your
head with that entire surface down there
with a nice plush pad on it so that's
gonna make this very comfortable the
weight I'd say is sort of average it's
not super lightweight but the fact that
it's really well supported like that
means it shouldn't fatigue you too much
over time the buttons available on the
back are for your microphone which is
detachable by the way yeah there you go
you can take the microphone off put it
back on if you want especially if you're
not looking at it this will be okay you
know what it's off for now okay so you
can adjust the volume and mute on your
microphone as
well as the volume and mute on the
headset itself which is just kind of
nice to have back there and you can
easily touch them and feel what you're
trying to do so thank you for checking
out there's mass unboxing here I'll just
put this down next to the other one so
you can get a nice little shot of what
they all look like in the dark remember
guys you can change the color scheme to
whatever you want and I'm just gonna cut
across that camera so hopefully
whoever's editing this it's gonna see
that there we go
so that is what they look like all
together and you can make them all the
same color within Razer synapse 2.0
which is their software that allows you
to set up profiles for your devices and
then as long as you log into synapse 2.0
it can take all your profiles with you
wherever you happen to be thank you for
checking out this unboxing and first
look don't forget to subscribe - tech
tips for unboxings reviews and other
computer videos thanks for watching this
video was edited on a workstation
powered by kingston memory